the bully
I welcome to Sanjeev Kapoor Khazana and
buh-bye oh one more the Benes recipe a
very authentic salad called ass
tabbouleh in this salad bulgur wheat is
used which is available in the continent
of the Mediterranean region but in India
it's not so readily available so we are
using broken wheat in place of it if you
get bulgur wheat go ahead and use it it
becomes more authentic let's go ahead
with the ingredients 2 cups of boiled
broken wheat one cup chopped parsley 1
cup chopped tomatoes 1 cup chopped
spring onions 1/2 cup mint chopped 4
tbsp olive oil 2 tbsp lemon juice 1 tsp
sumac powder salt to taste few cabbage
cups for serving let's go ahead and make
the salad a very simple recipe all you
require is fresh ingredients and good
mixing let's take the boiled broken
wheat if you're using bulgur wheat it
doesn't require to be boiled bulgur
wheat has to be just soaked in boiling
water and drained in running water this
is broken wheat which you've taken so
this requires boiling for 10 minutes
it's boiled and then it is chilled
parsley tomatoes mint spring onions
lemon juice salt olive oil and sumac
sumac is a powder again readily
available they're a little difficult to
get it here it's a nice berry it's a
fruit which is dried and powdered it's
got saunas in it and little sweet tinge
just mix the ingredients very lightly
toss it and chill it chill it in the
fridge for half an hour before serving
the tabbouleh salad is chilled so let's
get it out from the fridge and serve it
in the cabbage cups it is nice and
chilled so let's serve it in the cabbage
cups you can serve them in a nice bed of
lettuce in a big plate
but I am serving them in the individual
cabbage cup Co as you can see that the
boule salad is ready it's nice and
chilled a lovely salad for a nice summer
afternoon you can serve it in the
cabbage cups as I've done it or in a bed
of lettuce
you